Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Olivia, Lily, Carter, Aria and Mia entered the workshop.
2 The pineapple is in the blue_bottle.
3 Olivia made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
4 Olivia exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Lily moved the pineapple to the blue_envelope.
6 Lily exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Carter made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
8 Carter exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Aria made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
10 Aria exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 Mia made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
12 Mia exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
13 Mia, Olivia and Aria entered the workshop.
14 The peas is in the blue_envelope.
15 Mia made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
16 Mia exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
17 Olivia made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
18 Olivia exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
19 Aria moved the peas to the red_pantry.
20 Aria exited the workshop and stayed in the waiting_room.
21 Mia, Olivia, Aria and Lily entered the playroom.
22 The turnip is in the green_crate.
23 Mia moved the turnip to the red_bottle.
24 Mia exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
25 Olivia made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
26 Olivia exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
27 Aria made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
28 Aria exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
29 Aria lost his watch.
30 Lily moved the turnip to the green_pantry.
31 Lily exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
32 Aria and Olivia entered the playroom.
33 The sweet_potato is in the green_suitcase.
34 Aria moved the sweet_potato to the green_pantry.
35 Aria exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
36 Olivia made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
37 Olivia exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
41 Lily likes the red_drawer.
Question: Where does Lily think Mia thinks Carter thinks Aria thinks the pineapple is?
Answer: None
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
