Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Lily, Lucas, Jayden, Amelia and Abigail entered the laundry.
2 The lettuce is in the blue_bottle.
3 Lily moved the lettuce to the green_container.
4 Lily exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Lucas made no movements and stayed in the laundry for 10 minutes.
6 Lucas exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Jayden made no movements and stayed in the laundry for 10 minutes.
8 Jayden exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Amelia made no movements and stayed in the laundry for 10 minutes.
10 Amelia exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 Abigail made no movements and stayed in the laundry for 10 minutes.
12 Abigail exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
13 Jayden publicly claimed that lettuce is in the red_box.
14 Abigail privately told Jayden that the lettuce is in the blue_bottle.
15 Abigail, Lucas and Lily entered the laundry.
16 The lettuce is in the green_container.
17 Amelia likes the blue_bottle.
18 Abigail moved the lettuce to the red_box.
19 Abigail exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
20 Lucas made no movements and stayed in the laundry for 10 minutes.
21 Lucas exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
22 Lily moved the lettuce to the red_treasure_chest.
23 Lily exited the laundry and stayed in the waiting_room.
24 Amelia, Abigail, Jayden and Lucas entered the hall.
25 The green_pepper is in the green_suitcase.
26 Amelia made no movements and stayed in the hall for 10 minutes.
27 Amelia exited the hall and stayed in the waiting_room.
28 Abigail made no movements and stayed in the hall for 10 minutes.
29 Abigail exited the hall and stayed in the waiting_room.
30 Jayden made no movements and stayed in the hall for 10 minutes.
31 Jayden exited the hall and stayed in the waiting_room.
32 Lucas made no movements and stayed in the hall for 10 minutes.
33 Lucas exited the hall and stayed in the waiting_room.
34 Jayden publicly claimed that green_pepper is in the green_suitcase.
35 Amelia privately told Lucas that the green_pepper is in the red_suitcase.
Question: Where does Jayden think Amelia thinks Lily thinks the lettuce is?
Answer: green_container
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
