Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Logan, Alexander, Nathan, Amelia and Isabella entered the playroom.
2 The celery is in the red_crate.
3 Logan made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
4 Logan exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Alexander moved the celery to the green_crate.
6 Alexander exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Nathan moved the celery to the blue_envelope.
8 Logan dislikes the pear.
9 Nathan exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
10 Amelia moved the celery to the blue_crate.
11 Amelia exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
12 Isabella moved the celery to the red_crate.
13 Isabella exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
14 Logan, Isabella and Alexander entered the playroom.
15 The celery is in the red_crate.
16 Logan made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
17 Logan exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
18 Nathan lost his phone.
19 Isabella moved the celery to the blue_crate.
20 Isabella exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
21 Alexander made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
22 Alexander exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
23 Isabella privately told Alexander that the celery is in the green_crate.
24 Alexander privately told Amelia that the celery is in the blue_crate.
25 Logan, Nathan, Alexander and Isabella entered the kitchen.
26 The grapes is in the blue_pantry.
27 Logan moved the grapes to the green_drawer.
28 Logan likes the green_crate.
29 Logan exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
30 Nathan made no movements and stayed in the kitchen for 10 minutes.
31 Nathan exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
32 Alexander moved the grapes to the red_drawer.
33 Alexander exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
34 Isabella made no movements and stayed in the kitchen for 10 minutes.
35 Isabella exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
36 Logan lost his phone.
37 Nathan and Logan entered the kitchen.
38 The grapes is in the red_drawer.
39 Nathan made no movements and stayed in the kitchen for 10 minutes.
40 Amelia lost his phone.
41 Nathan exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
42 Logan made no movements and stayed in the kitchen for 10 minutes.
43 Logan exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
44 Logan publicly claimed that grapes is in the blue_box.
45 Nathan privately told Logan that the grapes is in the red_drawer.
Question: Where does Logan think Amelia thinks Nathan thinks the celery is?
Answer: red_crate
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
