Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Ella, Hannah, Isabella, Aria and Carter entered the pantry.
2 The cucumber is in the green_crate.
3 Ella moved the cucumber to the red_basket.
4 Ella exited the pantry.
5 Hannah moved the cucumber to the red_bathtub.
6 Hannah exited the pantry.
7 Isabella likes the green_suitcase.
8 Isabella made no movements and stayed in the pantry for 10 minutes.
9 Isabella exited the pantry.
10 Aria moved the cucumber to the red_box.
11 Aria exited the pantry.
12 Carter moved the cucumber to the green_crate.
13 Aria lost his gloves.
14 Carter exited the pantry.
15 Ella, Hannah, Isabella, Aria and Carter entered the waiting_room.
16 Ella, Carter and Hannah entered the workshop.
17 The sweet_potato is in the red_container.
18 Hannah likes the green_crate.
19 Ella made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
20 Ella exited the workshop.
21 Carter made no movements and stayed in the workshop for 10 minutes.
22 Aria saw a mouse.
23 Carter exited the workshop.
24 Isabella lost his watch.
25 Hannah moved the sweet_potato to the blue_basket.
26 Hannah exited the workshop.
27 Ella, Carter and Hannah entered the waiting_room.
28 Carter lost his watch.
29 Ella publicly claimed that sweet_potato is in the blue_basket.
30 Hannah privately told Aria that the sweet_potato is in the blue_basket.
31 Carter likes the red_container.
Question: Where is the cucumber really?
Answer: green_crate
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
