Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Amelia, Abigail, Evelyn, Owen and Lily entered the bathroom.
2 The corn is in the red_drawer.
3 Amelia made no movements and stayed in the bathroom for 10 minutes.
4 Amelia exited the bathroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Abigail made no movements and stayed in the bathroom for 10 minutes.
6 Abigail exited the bathroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Evelyn made no movements and stayed in the bathroom for 10 minutes.
8 Evelyn exited the bathroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Owen made no movements and stayed in the bathroom for 10 minutes.
10 Owen exited the bathroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 Lily made no movements and stayed in the bathroom for 10 minutes.
12 Lily exited the bathroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
13 Owen, Evelyn and Lily entered the basement.
14 The melon is in the red_basket.
15 Owen made no movements and stayed in the basement for 10 minutes.
16 Owen exited the basement and stayed in the waiting_room.
17 Evelyn moved the melon to the green_container.
18 Evelyn exited the basement and stayed in the waiting_room.
19 Lily moved the melon to the green_bathtub.
20 Lily exited the basement and stayed in the waiting_room.
21 Lily publicly claimed that melon is in the red_basket.
22 Owen privately told Lily that the melon is in the green_crate.
Question: Where does Evelyn think Amelia thinks Lily thinks Owen thinks the corn is?
Answer: None
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
