Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Please provide answer without explanations.
Story:
1 Jackson, Elizabeth, Aria, Jack and Mason entered the study.
2 The watermelon is in the green_pantry.
3 Jackson moved the watermelon to the green_bathtub.
4 Jackson exited the study and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Elizabeth made no movements and stayed in the study for 10 minutes.
6 Elizabeth exited the study and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Aria moved the watermelon to the blue_bathtub.
8 Aria exited the study and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Jack made no movements and stayed in the study for 10 minutes.
10 Jack exited the study and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 Mason made no movements and stayed in the study for 10 minutes.
12 Mason exited the study and stayed in the waiting_room.
13 Elizabeth dislikes the corn.
14 Jack, Jackson and Mason entered the den.
15 The pear is in the red_bathtub.
16 Jack made no movements and stayed in the den for 10 minutes.
17 Jack exited the den and stayed in the waiting_room.
18 Jackson moved the pear to the green_bottle.
19 Jackson exited the den and stayed in the waiting_room.
20 Mason made no movements and stayed in the den for 10 minutes.
21 Mason exited the den and stayed in the waiting_room.
22 Jack, Mason, Jackson and Aria entered the kitchen.
23 The lemon is in the green_suitcase.
24 Jack moved the lemon to the blue_basket.
25 Jack exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
26 Mason made no movements and stayed in the kitchen for 10 minutes.
27 Mason exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
28 Jackson moved the lemon to the green_envelope.
29 Jackson exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
30 Jack likes the green_basket.
31 Aria moved the lemon to the blue_cupboard.
32 Aria exited the kitchen and stayed in the waiting_room.
37 Elizabeth likes the green_bottle.
Question: Where does Aria think Jackson thinks Jack thinks Elizabeth thinks the watermelon is?
Answer: None
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
