Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Lily, Charlotte, Ella, Nathan and Carter entered the patio.
2 The lime is in the red_cupboard.
3 Lily moved the lime to the blue_pantry.
4 Charlotte saw a monkey.
5 Lily exited the patio.
6 Charlotte moved the lime to the green_pantry.
7 Charlotte exited the patio.
8 Ella moved the lime to the green_container.
9 Ella exited the patio.
10 Nathan moved the lime to the red_box.
11 Nathan exited the patio.
12 Carter moved the lime to the red_cupboard.
13 Carter exited the patio.
14 Lily, Charlotte, Ella, Nathan and Carter entered the waiting_room.
15 Nathan, Charlotte and Lily entered the cellar.
16 The corn is in the green_bottle.
17 Nathan made no movements and stayed in the cellar for 10 minutes.
18 Nathan exited the cellar.
19 Charlotte moved the corn to the blue_bucket.
20 Nathan lost his gloves.
21 Charlotte exited the cellar.
22 Lily made no movements and stayed in the cellar for 10 minutes.
23 Lily exited the cellar.
24 Nathan, Charlotte and Lily entered the waiting_room.
25 Nathan, Ella, Lily and Carter entered the staircase.
26 The potato is in the blue_envelope.
27 Nathan moved the potato to the blue_basket.
28 Nathan exited the staircase.
29 Ella moved the potato to the red_basket.
30 Ella exited the staircase.
31 Lily moved the potato to the red_bottle.
32 Lily exited the staircase.
33 Carter made no movements and stayed in the staircase for 10 minutes.
34 Carter exited the staircase.
35 Nathan, Ella, Lily and Carter entered the waiting_room.
Question: Where is the lime really?
Answer: red_cupboard
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
