Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Please provide answer without explanations.
Story:
1 Olivia, Lucas, Ella, Lily and Ava entered the staircase.
2 The asparagus is in the blue_drawer.
3 Olivia made no movements and stayed in the staircase for 10 minutes.
4 Olivia exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Lucas made no movements and stayed in the staircase for 10 minutes.
6 Lucas exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Ella made no movements and stayed in the staircase for 10 minutes.
8 Ella exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Lily moved the asparagus to the blue_basket.
10 Lily exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 Ava made no movements and stayed in the staircase for 10 minutes.
12 Ava exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
13 Lily, Olivia and Ella entered the staircase.
14 The asparagus is in the blue_basket.
15 Lily moved the asparagus to the red_cupboard.
16 Lily exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
17 Olivia moved the asparagus to the blue_bottle.
18 Olivia exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
19 Ava lost his watch.
20 Ella moved the asparagus to the red_pantry.
21 Ella exited the staircase and stayed in the waiting_room.
22 Olivia privately told Ella that the asparagus is in the red_cupboard.
23 Ella privately told Ava that the asparagus is in the red_pantry.
24 Lily, Ava, Olivia and Lucas entered the playroom.
25 The pear is in the green_basket.
26 Lily moved the pear to the green_crate.
27 Lily exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
28 Ava made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
29 Ava exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
30 Olivia made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
31 Lily dislikes the asparagus.
32 Olivia exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
33 Lucas moved the pear to the blue_cupboard.
34 Lucas exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
35 Ella and Lucas entered the bedroom.
36 The peach is in the red_envelope.
37 Ella made no movements and stayed in the bedroom for 10 minutes.
38 Ella exited the bedroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
39 Lucas made no movements and stayed in the bedroom for 10 minutes.
40 Ava dislikes the pear.
41 Lucas exited the bedroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
42 Ella privately told Ava that the peach is in the red_bottle.
44 Ella dislikes the pear.
Question: Where does Ella really think the asparagus is?
Answer: red_pantry
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
