Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Please provide answer without explanations.
Story:
1 Amelia, Ethan, Elizabeth, Jackson and Avery entered the lounge.
2 The cucumber is in the blue_container.
3 Amelia moved the cucumber to the blue_basket.
4 Amelia exited the lounge and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Ethan made no movements and stayed in the lounge for 10 minutes.
6 Avery saw a mouse.
7 Ethan exited the lounge and stayed in the waiting_room.
8 Elizabeth moved the cucumber to the green_basket.
9 Elizabeth exited the lounge and stayed in the waiting_room.
10 Jackson made no movements and stayed in the lounge for 10 minutes.
11 Jackson exited the lounge and stayed in the waiting_room.
12 Avery made no movements and stayed in the lounge for 10 minutes.
13 Amelia likes the blue_envelope.
14 Avery exited the lounge and stayed in the waiting_room.
15 Amelia, Ethan and Elizabeth entered the attic.
16 The radish is in the red_treasure_chest.
17 Amelia made no movements and stayed in the attic for 10 minutes.
18 Amelia exited the attic and stayed in the waiting_room.
19 Ethan made no movements and stayed in the attic for 10 minutes.
20 Ethan exited the attic and stayed in the waiting_room.
21 Elizabeth made no movements and stayed in the attic for 10 minutes.
22 Elizabeth exited the attic and stayed in the waiting_room.
23 Amelia publicly claimed that radish is in the green_drawer.
24 Elizabeth privately told Avery that the radish is in the red_treasure_chest.
Question: Where does Jackson think Amelia thinks Ethan thinks the cucumber is?
Answer: blue_container
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
