Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Please provide answer without explanations.
Story:
1 Ella, Evelyn, Oliver, Alexander and Jackson entered the sunroom.
2 The plum is in the red_treasure_chest.
3 Ella made no movements and stayed in the sunroom for 10 minutes.
4 Ella exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Evelyn made no movements and stayed in the sunroom for 10 minutes.
6 Evelyn exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Oliver made no movements and stayed in the sunroom for 10 minutes.
8 Oliver exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Alexander moved the plum to the blue_crate.
10 Alexander exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 Ella saw a dog.
12 Jackson moved the plum to the red_treasure_chest.
13 Jackson exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
14 Alexander, Oliver and Evelyn entered the sunroom.
15 The plum is in the red_treasure_chest.
16 Alexander made no movements and stayed in the sunroom for 10 minutes.
17 Alexander exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
18 Oliver moved the plum to the red_bucket.
19 Oliver exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
20 Evelyn made no movements and stayed in the sunroom for 10 minutes.
21 Evelyn exited the sunroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
22 Oliver privately told Evelyn that the plum is in the blue_envelope.
23 Evelyn privately told Jackson that the plum is in the red_bucket.
Question: Where does Oliver really think the plum is?
Answer: red_bucket
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
