Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Elizabeth, Sophia, Nathan, Noah and William entered the porch.
2 The onion is in the red_cupboard.
3 Elizabeth moved the onion to the red_bucket.
4 Elizabeth exited the porch and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Sophia moved the onion to the red_envelope.
6 Sophia exited the porch and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Nathan made no movements and stayed in the porch for 10 minutes.
8 Nathan exited the porch and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Noah made no movements and stayed in the porch for 10 minutes.
10 Noah exited the porch and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 William made no movements and stayed in the porch for 10 minutes.
12 William exited the porch and stayed in the waiting_room.
13 William, Noah and Sophia entered the garage.
14 The tomato is in the green_bathtub.
15 William moved the tomato to the red_basket.
16 William exited the garage and stayed in the waiting_room.
17 Noah made no movements and stayed in the garage for 10 minutes.
18 Noah exited the garage and stayed in the waiting_room.
19 Sophia moved the tomato to the red_drawer.
20 Sophia exited the garage and stayed in the waiting_room.
21 Sophia publicly claimed that tomato is in the red_drawer.
22 William privately told Sophia that the tomato is in the green_bottle.
23 William saw a dog.
24 Sophia, Noah, Nathan and Elizabeth entered the playroom.
25 The watermelon is in the blue_bathtub.
26 Sophia moved the watermelon to the green_suitcase.
27 Sophia exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
28 Noah moved the watermelon to the green_crate.
29 Noah exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
30 Nathan moved the watermelon to the blue_container.
31 Nathan exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
32 William likes the red_drawer.
33 Elizabeth moved the watermelon to the blue_bottle.
34 Elizabeth exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
35 Noah and Nathan entered the playroom.
36 The watermelon is in the blue_bottle.
37 Noah made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
38 Noah exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
39 Noah saw a mouse.
40 Nathan made no movements and stayed in the playroom for 10 minutes.
41 Nathan exited the playroom and stayed in the waiting_room.
42 William saw a monkey.
43 Nathan publicly claimed that watermelon is in the blue_bathtub.
44 Noah privately told Nathan that the watermelon is in the green_suitcase.
Question: Where does Sophia think William thinks Nathan thinks Elizabeth thinks the onion is?
Answer: None
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
