Read the following story and answer the multiple-choice question. Think step-by-step, and provide detailed explanations.
Story:
1 Lucas, Aiden, Chloe, Mila and Elizabeth entered the hallway.
2 The grapes is in the red_crate.
3 Lucas made no movements and stayed in the hallway for 10 minutes.
4 Lucas exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
5 Aiden moved the grapes to the red_box.
6 Aiden exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
7 Chloe moved the grapes to the green_suitcase.
8 Chloe exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
9 Mila moved the grapes to the blue_basket.
10 Mila exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
11 Elizabeth moved the grapes to the red_crate.
12 Elizabeth exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
13 Chloe, Aiden and Elizabeth entered the hallway.
14 The grapes is in the red_crate.
15 Chloe made no movements and stayed in the hallway for 10 minutes.
16 Lucas likes the red_crate.
17 Chloe exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
18 Aiden made no movements and stayed in the hallway for 10 minutes.
19 Aiden exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
20 Elizabeth made no movements and stayed in the hallway for 10 minutes.
21 Elizabeth exited the hallway and stayed in the waiting_room.
22 Aiden saw a cat.
23 Elizabeth publicly claimed that grapes is in the red_box.
24 Chloe privately told Elizabeth that the grapes is in the green_suitcase.
Question: Where is the grapes really?
Answer: red_crate
Note: You should assume the following. (1) A character witnesses everything and every movements before exiting a location. (2) A character A can infer another character B's mental state only if A and B have been in the same location, or have private or public interactions. (3) Note that every character tend to lie. A character tend to trust a character that exited the room later than himself. (4) Agents in private communications know that others won't hear them, but anyone can hear any public claims.
